chore: update store sync spec (#49)
waku-org/specs: standards/core/store-sync.md

### Store Resume

This feature allow a node to fill the gap in messages for the period it was last offline.
At startup, a node SHOULD use the Store protocol to query a random node for
the time interval since it was last online.
Messages returned by the query are then added to the local node storage.
It is RECOMMENDED to limit the time interval to a maximum of 6 hours.

### Waku Sync

Nodes that stay online can still miss messages.

> [Waku Sync](https://github.com/waku-org/specs/blob/master/standards/core/sync.md) is 2 libp2p protocols used to find those messages and mend the differences by periodically syncing with random nodes.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can formulate this a bit clearer, e.g.:

```suggestion
[Waku Sync](https://github.com/waku-org/specs/blob/master/standards/core/sync.md) consists of two libp2p protocols,
respectively used to (i) find those messages and (ii) mend the differences by periodically syncing with random nodes.
```
